---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "prefect_deployment Data Source - prefect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Deployment by either:
  deployment ID, ordeployment name
  The Deployment ID takes precedence over deployment name.
  
  For more information, see deploy overview https://docs.prefect.io/v3/deploy/index.
  This feature is available in the following product plans https://www.prefect.io/pricing: Prefect Cloud (Free), Prefect Cloud (Pro), Prefect Cloud (Enterprise), Prefect OSS.
---

# prefect_deployment (Data Source)

Get information about an existing Deployment by either:
- deployment ID, or
- deployment name
The Deployment ID takes precedence over deployment name.
<br>
For more information, see [deploy overview](https://docs.prefect.io/v3/deploy/index).


This feature is available in the following [product plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing): Prefect Cloud (Free), Prefect Cloud (Pro), Prefect Cloud (Enterprise), Prefect OSS.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get deployment by ID using Terraform ID reference.
data "prefect_deployment" "existing_by_id" {
  id = prefect_deployment.my_existing_deployment.id
}

# Get deployment by ID string.
data "prefect_deployment" "existing_by_id_string" {
  id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}

# Get deployment by name using Terraform name reference.
data "prefect_deployment" "existing_by_id_string" {
  flow_name = prefect_flow.my_existing_flow.name
  name      = prefect_deployment.my_existing_deployment.name
}

# Get deployment by name string.
data "prefect_deployment" "existing_by_id_string" {
  name      = "my_existing_deployment"
  flow_name = "example_flow"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Account ID (UUID), defaults to the account set in the provider
- `flow_name` (String) Flow name associated with the deployment
- `id` (String) Deployment ID (UUID)
- `name` (String) Name of the deployment
- `workspace_id` (String) Workspace ID (UUID) to associate deployment to

### Read-Only

- `concurrency_limit` (Number) The deployment's concurrency limit.
- `concurrency_options` (Attributes) Concurrency options for the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--concurrency_options))
- `created` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was created (RFC3339)
- `description` (String) A description for the deployment.
- `enforce_parameter_schema` (Boolean) Whether or not the deployment should enforce the parameter schema.
- `entrypoint` (String) The path to the entrypoint for the workflow, relative to the path.
- `flow_id` (String) Flow ID (UUID) to associate deployment to
- `job_variables` (String) Overrides for the flow's infrastructure configuration.
- `manifest_path` (String) The path to the flow's manifest file, relative to the chosen storage.
- `parameter_openapi_schema` (String) The parameter schema of the flow, including defaults.
- `parameters` (String) Parameters for flow runs scheduled by the deployment.
- `path` (String) The path to the working directory for the workflow, relative to remote storage or an absolute path.
- `paused` (Boolean) Whether or not the deployment is paused.
- `pull_steps` (Attributes List) Pull steps to prepare flows for a deployment run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pull_steps))
- `storage_document_id` (String) ID of the associated storage document (UUID)
- `tags` (List of String) Tags associated with the deployment
- `updated` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was updated (RFC3339)
- `version` (String) An optional version for the deployment.
- `work_pool_name` (String) The name of the deployment's work pool.
- `work_queue_name` (String) The work queue for the deployment. If no work queue is set, work will not be scheduled.

<a id="nestedatt--concurrency_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `concurrency_options`

Read-Only:

- `collision_strategy` (String) Enumeration of concurrency collision strategies.


<a id="nestedatt--pull_steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pull_steps`

Read-Only:

- `access_token` (String) (For type 'git_clone') Access token for the repository. Refer to a credentials block for security purposes. Used in leiu of 'credentials'.
- `branch` (String) (For type 'git_clone') The branch to clone. If not provided, the default branch is used.
- `bucket` (String) (For type 'pull_from_*') The name of the bucket where files are stored.
- `credentials` (String) Credentials to use for the pull step. Refer to a {GitHub,GitLab,BitBucket} credentials block.
- `directory` (String) (For type 'set_working_directory') The directory to set as the working directory.
- `folder` (String) (For type 'pull_from_*') The folder in the bucket where files are stored.
- `include_submodules` (Boolean) (For type 'git_clone') Whether to include submodules when cloning the repository.
- `repository` (String) (For type 'git_clone') The URL of the repository to clone.
- `requires` (String) A list of Python package dependencies.
- `type` (String) The type of pull step
