---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "prefect_deployment Resource - prefect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Deployments are server-side representations of flows. They store the crucial metadata needed for remote orchestration including when, where, and how a workflow should run. Deployments elevate workflows from functions that you must call manually to API-managed entities that can be triggered remotely.
---

# prefect_deployment (Resource)

Deployments are server-side representations of flows. They store the crucial metadata needed for remote orchestration including when, where, and how a workflow should run. Deployments elevate workflows from functions that you must call manually to API-managed entities that can be triggered remotely.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "prefect_workspace" "workspace" {
	handle = "my-workspace"
	name = "my-workspace"
}

resource "prefect_flow" "flow" {
	name = "my-flow"
	workspace_id = prefect_workspace.workspace.id
	tags = ["tf-test"]
}

resource "prefect_deployment" "deployment" {
	name = "%s"
	description = "string"
	workspace_id = prefect_workspace.workspace.id
	flow_id = prefect_flow.flow.id
	entrypoint = "hello_world.py:hello_world"
	tags = ["test"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `entrypoint` (String) The path to the entrypoint for the workflow, relative to the path.
- `flow_id` (String) Flow ID (UUID) to associate deployment to
- `name` (String) Name of the workspace
- `workspace_id` (String) Workspace ID (UUID) to associate deployment to

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Account ID (UUID), defaults to the account set in the provider
- `description` (String) A description for the deployment.
- `enforce_parameter_schema` (Boolean) Whether or not the deployment should enforce the parameter schema.
- `infrastructure_document_id` (String) The block document defining infrastructure to use for flow runs.
- `is_schedule_active` (Boolean) Is Schedule Active
- `path` (String) The path to the working directory for the workflow, relative to remote storage or an absolute path.
- `paused` (Boolean) Whether or not the deployment is paused.
- `storage_document_id` (String) The block document defining storage used for this flow.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags associated with the deployment
- `version` (String) An optional version for the deployment.
- `work_pool_name` (String) The name of the deployment's work pool.
- `work_queue_name` (String) The work queue for the deployment. If no work queue is set, work will not be scheduled.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was created (RFC3339)
- `id` (String) Workspace ID (UUID)
- `manifest_path` (String) The path to the flow's manifest file, relative to the chosen storage.
- `updated` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was updated (RFC3339)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Prefect Deployments can be imported via deployment_id,workspace_id
terraform import prefect_deployment.example 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000,00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```
