---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "prefect_user Resource - prefect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource user represents a Prefect User.
---

# prefect_user (Resource)

The resource `user` represents a Prefect User.

A User is an individual user of Prefect Cloud. Use this resource to manage a
user's profile information. You can also use this resource to assign membership
to resources like Teams and Workspaces. For more information, see
[manage users](https://docs.prefect.io/v3/manage/cloud/manage-users/users).

There are two important caveats with this resource.

First, **users cannot be created** because this is not supported by the API due
to the way invitations work. Instead, you must first import user resources into
the state before they can be managed. Note that because of this limitation,
the delete functionality has not been implemented. If you remove your user
resource from configuration, the user will not be deleted.

Second, the `user` resource requires that the API key used in the Prefect
provider be generated by the same user you are importing. This is because the
User API includes validation to confirm that requests for a user can only be
made by the user itself.

If you do not need to manage the attributes of a user, and only need to
retrieve the user ID for reference in other resources, consider using the
[account member datasource](./docs/data-sources/account_member.md) instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "prefect_user" "marvin" {
  id         = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  handle     = "marvin"
  first_name = "Marvin"
  last_name  = "The Paranoid Android"
  email      = "marvin@prefect.io"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `email` (String) Email of the user
- `first_name` (String) First name of the user
- `handle` (String) A unique handle for the user, containing only lowercase letters, numbers, and dashes.
- `last_name` (String) Last name of the user

### Read-Only

- `actor_id` (String) Actor ID (UUID), used for granting access to resources like Teams
- `created` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was created (RFC3339)
- `id` (String) User ID (UUID)
- `updated` (String) Timestamp of when the resource was updated (RFC3339)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Prefect Users can be imported by ID, which can be found in the UI
# by clicking the dropdown menu in the top left corner and then clicking "My Profile".
terraform import prefect_user.marvin 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
```
